Added descriptions to the concept topics (#9084)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/backup-restore.md

---
title: Backup and Restore

> description: Understand the backup and restore configuration of Gardener

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Understand the etcd backup and restore capabilities of Gardener
```
